[DOCS] Host Isolation Exceptions - IP Allowlist (#1190)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/host-isolation-ov.asciidoc

[chapter, role="xpack"]
= Host isolation

Host isolation allows you to isolate hosts from your network, blocking communication with other hosts on your network until the host is released. Isolating a host is useful for responding to malicious activity or preventing potential attacks, as it prevents lateral movement across other hosts. 

> Isolated hosts, however, can still send data to {es} and {kib}. You can also create <<host-isolation-exceptions, host isolation exceptions>> for specific IP addresses that isolated hosts are still allowed to communicate with after they've been blocked from the rest of your network.

Reviewer: maybe replace, "after they've been blocked", with, ", even when blocked"?

Author: I like it, more concise. This phrasing appears in a few other spots so I'll edit those, too. Thanks!

> Isolated hosts, however, can still send data to {es} and {kib}. You can also create <<host-isolation-exceptions, host isolation exceptions>> for specific IP addresses that isolated hosts are still allowed to communicate with after they've been blocked from the rest of your network.

Author: I like it, more concise. This phrasing appears in a few other spots so I'll edit those, too. Thanks!

```suggestion
Isolated hosts, however, can still send data to {es} and {kib}. You can also create <<host-isolation-exceptions, host isolation exceptions>> for specific IP addresses that isolated hosts are still allowed to communicate with, even when blocked from the rest of your network.
```
